 Alright, we've explored the code base, you understand the vague structure of what's going on.  Now it's time to build our first feature.  We're going to build a course review system where students can leave reviews on courses.  I've chosen this feature because it's fairly meaty, you need to touch all areas of the code base,  but it's not that intense in terms of user interface.  To give you an idea here, we need to go into the dev UI,  log in as a student, we are now Emma Wilson,  and then go to, let's say, Node.js, for instance.  The idea would be that we want to be able to leave a review  on this page as the user.  We don't want to leave a written review  or anything like that, we really just need a star rating.  So the first thing you'll need to do is run Claude here  to get yourself into the same setup.  If you've got an existing Claude session,  I want you to run clear,  which is going to clear the conversation history  and wipe the LLM's memory.  From there, we're going to put together our initial prompt,  which is just going to be one or two sentences describing what we want.  I'm going to dictate it out.  I would like to create a course review system  where students can review courses by leaving a star rating.  We don't want to add written reviews, just star rating.  These reviews will then be visible everywhere that courses are visible.  We want to show the average rating on the courses in the list page and on the course page itself.  So that's a decent enough prompt to get started.  Of course, yours may look very different from mine.  You may want to take this further.  You may want to take this less far.  And in fact, I'm going to run mine just for a second to show you what we're going to do after that.  You're not going to try to steer Claude in any particular direction here, you're just going to let it carry on.  and I want you to be in a kind of observational mode here,  just tracking what's going on.  If you want to interrupt it, you can press escape,  like I've just done here, to stop it doing anything.  I'd also like to make sure that you're checking the context window usage as you're going.  So once you've interrupted it,  you should be able to run forward slash context here,  and you can visualize the current context usage  as a colored grid.  For this grid here we can see it's the system prompt taking up a good bunch of tokens and  the system tools taking up some more, so that's 10% really just on those.  and we were at just 10% token usage in general.  Remember, 40% is where we should start getting concerned about smart zone, dumb zone stuff.  So yeah, let yourself be guided by Claude,  monitor your contacts usage  and see how building the feature goes.  Write down any roadblocks you have, any points of confusion, and I will see you in the solution.